Israel’s military is continuing to hammer northern Gaza and Lebanon with airstrikes, despite U.S. hopes that the killing of Hamas leader Yahya Sinwar could be a turning point in the year-old conflict. On Sunday morning, the Israel Defense Forces said it struck about 175 militant targets in Gaza and Lebanon in the past day.

At least 73 people were killed when an Israeli airstrike pummeled a group of homes in the northern border town of Beit Lahia on Saturday, according to Gaza’s Civil Defense. Rescue operations continued through the night, with many people still buried under the rubble, said Mahmoud Bassal, a spokesman for the Civil Defense.

Israel’s military said the numbers provided by Gazan officials did not match up with initial assessments of what it said were precise strikes on Hamas targets.


Israeli forces surrounded and fired on two hospitals in northern Gaza earlier on Saturday, according to local health authorities. Israel said its forces have been instructed to try to limit harm to civilians as they seek to identify and target Hamas fighters.

Fighting also continued in Lebanon, with smoke rising from the Beirut suburbs as Israeli fighter jets struck Hezbollah targets, including what the IDF said were munitions storage facilities hidden in civilian buildings.

Here are other key developments
A drone was launched toward Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s residence in the Caesarea area, his office said Saturday. It did not hit his home, and Netanyahu and his wife were not present at the time, with no casualties reported, spokesman Omer Dostri added.
At least 42,519 people have been killed in Gaza during the war, according to the Gaza Health Ministry. At least 2,448 people have been killed in Lebanon, according to the country’s Health Ministry. Neither distinguishes between civilians and combatants.
Israel estimates that about 1,200 people were killed in Hamas’s Oct. 7, 2023, attacks, including more than 300 soldiers. It says 355 soldiers have been killed in its Gaza military operations since.